------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jay R. SMITH TERMS AND CONDITIONS DOCUMENT

SUPERSEDES ALL PREVIOUSLY
PUBLISHED TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE
PG-24 GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

FREIGHT ALLOWANCE: F.O.B Montgomery, Alabama or Service Center with full freight
allowed shipment of $5,000 net amount or more within the continental United States. Smith will
prepay and invoice the buyer the freight with the intention of delivering orders complete in a
single shipment. In the event of a backorder, the first and second backorder will be shipped
FFA. The third and following backorders will be prepaid and add. Note: If any product
dimension is larger than 92” or if any single item weighs more than 3,500 lbs., this would be
an oversized and/or overweight product and our standard FFA terms may not apply. An $8.00
surcharge per package is added to all small parcel shipments. Please contact our Customer
Service for guidance on potential additional shipping charges.

ALASKA: Individual order of $5,000 net or more shipped from Montgomery, Alabama F.O.B.
Anchorage/Fairbanks, Alaska. Individual order less than $5,000 shipping from Montgomery, no
freight allowance. Individual order of $5,000 net or more shipped from West Coast service
center F.O.B Anchorage/Fairbanks, Alaska. Individual order less than $5,000 net, no freight
allowance. All other conditions stated in “Freight Allowance” above apply.

HAWAII: Individual order of $5,000 net or more shipped from Montgomery, Alabama
F.O.B West Coast. Individual order of $5,000 net or more shipped from West Coast service
center F.O.B. Hawaii. Individual order less than $5,000 net, no freight allowance. All other
conditions stated in “Freight Allowance” above apply.

PUERTO RICO: Individual order of $5,000 net or more F.F.A. All other orders
F.O.B Montgomery, Alabama. All other conditions stated in “Freight Allowance”
above apply.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PAYMENT: Terms of payment are Net 30 from date of
invoice. All pricing in U.S. currency. Past due accounts will be subject to a 2% per month
service charge from the date of the invoice. If any proceedings be instructed by or against Buyer
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law, or if Buyer shall fail to make timely payment on this or
any other order, or if, in the Company’s judgment, Buyers financial situation justifies such
action, the Company may, at its election, require payment in advance or cancel the order as
to any unshipped item and require payment of its reasonable cancellation charges. If Buyer
delays completion of manufacture, the Company may elect to require payment according to
percentage of completion. Equipment held for Buyer shall be at Buyer’s risk and expense. In
all cases, regardless of partial payment, title to the Products shall remain in the Company until
payment for the Products (including any notes given therefore) has been made in full. Should
legal action be necessary to enforce payment of an unpaid invoice, the Buyer will assume full
responsibility for any court costs and reasonable attorney fees. All orders are subject to credit
check and approval prior to shipment.

The minimum order value is $100 NET. In the event an order is received under that stated
minimum order value, a $25.00 “minimum invoice service charge” will be applied to
the order but at no time will the minimum order exceed
$100.00 NET before shipping, handling and taxes. All service charges are non-
refundable.

DEBITS, CREDITS, DEDUCTIONS, RETURNS: All items in these categories must first be
referred to your local Jay R. Smith representative for APPROVAL & prompt handling. All
items in these categories must be accompanied with a photocopy of the invoice on which
the material was charged.

QUOTATION TERMS: List price and discount are protected for 30 days from Bid Due
Date. If an order is received within this period, the material must be released within 30 days
from date of order: otherwise prices will be those in effect at the time of shipment.

ORDER ACCEPTANCE: All catalogs, price lists, literature or other material describing our
products are not to be construed as offers to sell same. Orders are subject to acceptance by
us at our office in Montgomery, AL. Your order, when shipped by us, shall be the complete
contract between us, subject to and incorporating therein the terms and conditions herein
contained, and any inconsistent provisions contained in your order shall not apply. Prices and
discounts contained in any of our catalogs, price lists or other literature are subject to change
without notice.

CANCELLATION: Orders are not subject to cancellation without our written consent. If
an order is cancelled, the Buyer shall pay all costs incurred with filling the order. Any charges
incurred because of cancellation or change of special material made on order must be paid
for by the Buyer. Any items not cataloged by us and made on special order remain the
property of the Buyer and must be paid for.

GUARANTEE/WARRANTY: All Smith products are guaranteed against defective materials
and workmanship for a period of one year from the date of purchase. We will replace, free
of charge, any product proven defective that has been properly installed, properly
maintained, and used in accordance with recommended instructions. We shall not be
responsible for any labor charges or any loss, injury or damages whatsoever, including
incidental or consequential damages. The implied warranty is limited solely to the
replacement of the defective goods. This warranty is in lieu of other warranties, express,
implied in fact or implied by law.

DELAYS: Smith will not assume any liability for delays or defaults occasioned by strikes,
fires or exercised by governmental authorities, failure to obtain materials, or by any cause
unavoidable beyond its control.

RETURNED GOODS: Material may be returned subject to the following conditions:
1. Must first be referred to your local Jay R. Smith representative for inspection,
approval, and prompt handling;
2. Minimum value of $100.00 net;
3. Credit for parts given only if purchased as parts;
4. Wholesaler must identify original shipment of material by invoice number and
invoice date;
5. Prior written permission with a Return Goods Authorization (RGA);
6. 25% restocking charge;
7. Any charges necessary to put the material into saleable condition;
8. Credit will be issued for galvanized material at the value of painted iron; chrome
plated and nickel bronze at the value of polished bronze;
9. Credit will be issued to apply only against future purchases;
10. Outgoing freight will be deducted from the credit;
11. Material must be returned freight prepaid;
12. The letter “N” in parentheses following an item on the acknowledgement of a
purchase order or on the invoice for the item, indicates that the item has been made
especially for the order and is not subject to return or cancellation;
13. Discontinued or obsolete material ONLY returnable by special negotiation.

ILLUSTRATIONS AND DESCRIPTIONS: All illustrations, submittals and
accompanying descriptions describe standard features of each product and do not
necessarily show or describe the variations available. All designs are subject to change
without notice, and, unless specifically stated on the order, material will be furnished of
design in effect at the time the order is filled. All weights are approximate.

RISKS: Our responsibility ceases after the product has been delivered to the carrier in
good order. It is the responsibility of the consignee to inspect each shipment carefully and
file a claim with the carrier for any damage or shortage. Content shortages must be reported
within 15 days after receipt of material. Any claim received after this time will be disallowed.

EXPORT SHIPMENTS: If special export packing is required, an additional charge equal to
10% of the net price will be made.

SHIPPING DATES: Promise of shipping dates are estimates, but not guaranteed.

TAXES: Any sales or manufacturer’s tax imposed under existing or future statutes
may be added to the price herewith effective and shall be paid by the Buyer.

FORCE MAJEURE: Morris Group International companies will not be liable for any failure or delay
in performing an obligation that is due to any of the following causes: acts of God, accident, riots,
war, terrorist act, epidemic, pandemic, quarantine, civil commotion, breakdown of communication
facilities, breakdown of web host, breakdown of internet service provider, natural catastrophes,
governmental acts or omissions, changes in laws or regulations, national strikes, fire, explosion,
transportation issues or generalized lack of availability of raw materials or energy.

ORIGIN & FAR COMPLIANCE: SUPPLIER reserves the right to furnish either foreign or
domestic material unless otherwise specified by the customer at the time of quotation and noted on
the subsequent purchase order. Requirements for product compliance and certification with the Buy
American Act, Buy America Act, and any other Federal Acquisition Regulation shall be noted on the
purchase order. Failure to document domestic and federal procurement requirements on the
purchase order shall result in PURCHASER assuming all liability and replacement costs for products
determined to be non-compliant.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
